Abstract—This paper reviewed and focused on the background, optical properties, and applications
of low-loss negative curvature hollow-core fiber. Data on spectral attenuation are expanded.
The terms of indexes are Fiber optics, microstructured optical fiber.

                            I. Introduction

In the last few years, negative curvature hollow core optical fiber (NC-HCF) has emerged over a novel hollow core optical fiber (HCF)
(Fig. 1) [1]–[8]. NC-HCF has been characterized by the inverted curvature of through its core wall, and most of the times exhibits multiple spectral transmission
bands of low attenuation. The normal structure of the fiber cladding has allowed flexible tailoring of NC-HCFs design and dimension for specific
wavelengths [4], [5], [7], [9]. Their first appearance of NC-HCFs have been applied in high power and ultrafast
laser delivery [10]–[14] and also several other applications [15]–[20]. This paper comprises some of the sections: Section II
consists of a short history of NC-HCF, while the optics of NC-HCF will be explained in Section III. From Sections IV
to VI discueese the guidance properties of NC-HCFs are collated and summarized including mode attenuation, dispersion
and nonlinearity. Section VII will be reviewed some applications of NC-HCFs and Section VIII will be contained conclusions.


                        II. A BRIEF HISTORY
A many years ago, “hollow core optical waveguides” was referred tolong cylindrical tubes and shapes of rectangular stripes made of dielectric
or even metal. At the time of 1936, Carson et al. was studied the potential of hollow core fiber which was made of metal material for long haul
electromagnetic wavetransmission theoretically [21]. After that, in 1964, Marcatili andSchmeltzer was studied the feasibility of using the dielectric HCF
in telecommunications [22]. They demonstrated analytically which was the trade-off between modal leaky loss and bending loss would fundamentally limitation
of the application of dielectric hollow core fiber for the reason of long-haul optical signal transmission. Althrough advances in inner-surface coating
techniques, HCF was achieved success in some fields such as mid-infrared light transmission, particularly in CO2 laser delivery for industrial applications [23].
At the end of the 20th century, the emergence of hollow core photonic bandgap fiber (HC-PBG) was boosted up the development of HCFs in the both theory and
applications enormously [24], [25]. On the other hand, it brought in new ideas of light guidance in HCFs and boosted the development of fiber optics cable; and also,
it techniqucally introduced micro-structure into optical fiber design, and was inspired by more novel designs of optical fibers. The state-of-the-art
HC-PBGs had been already demonstrated extremely low transmission loss, comparable to the commercial optical fibers [26], [27]. That time “Kagome” fiber was 
also another important type of HCFs that was firstly reported at the time 2002 [28]. The Kagome fiber was usually exhibited multiple transmission bands and 
overall takes a broader spectral range than HC-PBGs. Numerical simulations display that the “Kagome” lattice supports no photonic bandgap which are made the Kagome
fiber respectively [25], [29]. The presence of NC-HCF could be traced back to the discovery of the importance of core wall shape the in Kagome fiber in 2010 [30].
A fiber of kagome with negative curvature core boundary unexpectedly exhibited a normal attenuation than regular one. A sets of subsequent experiments was confirmed
the significance of core wall shape in the reduction of attenuation in such fibers [31].


                     III. MODELING AND ANALYSIS

NC-HCF has a simple design compared to HC-PBG and Kagome fiber [25], [29]. It has also no periodic cladding, and does not possess a photonic bandgap, 
which is explained the leaky nature of such fiber. The leaky nature and antiresonant guiding mechanism are made it natural to make differnce from them. Both
have multiple transmissions and similar attenuation structures at comparable wavelengths [34], [35]. Seeing the cladding of a Kagome
fiber can be brought to jusone single layer without significantly increasing attenuation [36] we idea that the guidance in these two fiber designs is very
closely. Though, the simple geometry of NC-HCF belies the lack of a general quantitative model of its performance. presently
the modeling of NC-HCFs is depended heavily on numerical simulations. The model of Marcatili and Schmeltzer, the anti-resonant reflecting optical waveguide (ARROW)
model and the coupledmode model are commonly used to describe the guidance mechanism of NC-HCFs and other leaky HCFs. The model of A.Marcatili and Schmeltzer’s
in 1964, Marcatili and Schmeltzer firstly analytically showed the mode properties of the dielectric HCF [22]. In their project, they derived formulas
of mode attenuation and loss of blending, which was revealed the basic properties of modes in HCFs. An ideal HCF is consisted of a circular core surrounding by
infinite homogenous non-absorptive dielectric process of higher refractive index than the core material.
Due to the reason of inverting refractive index contrast, total internal reflection cannot be occured when the light is incident from the core
at the interface between core and cladding. The partial reflectivity of the core boundary is indicated inevitable loss for light
propagating in the core. The mode of attenuation and corresponding propagation are written as [22],

ανm = u2νm π 2 λr32 Re (Vν) (1)
βνm = 2π
λ ncore − 1 2 u2νm πrλ2 1 + Im Vπr νλ . (2)

Here uνm is the zero of the Bessel function Jν−1, and both ν and m are azimuthal and radial number of mode; wavelength is λ; core radius is r; 
the refractive index of core medium is ncrore; Here constant Vν is determined by the cladding refractive index and mode order [22]. Equations (1) and (2) are
the most basic rules or formula to understand modes in all leaky HCFs. When r/λ grows bigger, the modes of attenuation is quickly reduced. For a specific order,
a higher propagation constant is needed to satisfy the transverse resonance condition in a bigger core. Such larger core would give a expanded gancing angle
of light incident at the core boundary, which gives in a higher Fresnel reflection. Atlast, the mode in a larger core has a little attenuation.
The model of Marcatili and Schmeltzer’s fails when complex structures are presented to the cladding of HCF. The multiple reflections from the designed cladding
can minimize or increase the attenuation of leaky modes by constructive/destructive interference, and it also affects the dispersion of modes too.


                                        B. ARROW Model

The model of ARROW was firstly proposed in 1986 to describe the enhanced confinement in a planar waveguide with a series of high-low index regions forming
the cladding [37]. At the time of 2002 it was used to explain the light transmission in HC-PBG [38]. Soon it had being applied to a range of micro-structured HCFs.
The ARROW model is a 2-D model which can be extend to three dimensions. It calculates the cladding of HC-PBG as an array of high and low refractive index layers.
Each index layer of higher refractive can be considered as a Fabry–Perot resonator as in Fig. 2, which can enhance or decrease the confinement of light in
the air core under different resonant or antiresonant conditions. For r/λ we have β ≈ 2πn1/λ according to (2). In Fig. 2, the wavelength is calculated as,

λm =
2n1d
m n n2 1 2 − 1 (3)


Here n1, n2 are low and high material refractive indices; d for the thickness of high index layer; and m is an integer value, presenting the
order of resonance. At the resonance wavelength, the core mode offers enhanced attenuation leaking through the high index layer. At wavelength
away from the resonance, the reflectivity of higher index layer increases and the attenuation of the leaky mode is decreased. For the reason, the spectral transmission
of ARROW waveguide features multiband transmission, matching to that of a Fabry–Perot resonator. The band edge of the transmission is well defined by the
resonance wavelength. It is worth observing that the Bragg reflection can not be  replaced by the ARROW model to explain HCFs [38]. Changing the pitch
of the higher index layer in the cladding barely shift the band edge in simulation. This is also beared by the experimental demonstration of Kagome fiber. 
At the Kagome fiber, it has been shown that reduction of the number of cladding layers does not significantly improve the fiber loss or shift the transmission
band positions [36]. Atlast, we conclude that the single-layer property of cladding plays a most vital role when applying ARROW model to HCFs.
The loss edge of transmission band can be predicted by ARROW when d/λ  1. At bigger wavelength, corresponding to the spectral range below
the m = 1 resonance, the ARROW model is no bigger useful. It is a well-established model which fits well with experimental results.
Although it can be precisely predicted the band edge of transmission, it cannot provide further insight into the band properties.

                             C. Coupled-Mode Model

The coupled-mode model is applied coupled mode theory [39] to examine the properties of HCFs based on Marcatili and Schmeltzer’s model.
In real HCFs, the cladding has no longer an infinite and homogenous medium but it has a complex configuration of refractive index distribution.
The cladding modes are a set of modes adding both dielectric modes (see Fig. 3(a) top) localized in the high index regions and leaky air
modes (see Fig. 3(a) bottom) inside low index region [40], [41]. In the model of coupled-mode, the properties of core mode are explicated as results of
the longitudinal coupling with those cladding mode. The method was successfully applied in examinig the formation of bandgaps in HC-PBG [42].
From this method, inhibited coupling had proposed to explain the guidance in Kagome fiber [29]. At the time of 2007, Argyros and his colleagues applied the coupled
mode theory to the square lattice polymer HCF and quantitatively examined the formation of band edges of leaky HCF [43]. They target out that the 
absolute phase matching is not important to achieve an effective coupling between the cladding and core modes. Δβ ∼ 10−4 m was the threshold to
estimate the transmission band edge, which similared well with the experimental measurement [43]. At the time of 2012 Vincetti and Setti applied this method to NC-HCF and
presented detail of cladding mode feature in NC-HCF [41]. After that, they used this method to demonstrate that the geometry of cladding element was necessary
to determine the confinement loss of HCFs. The polygonal shaped tube in the cladding is added extra loss due to the Fano-like coupling between the core and
cladding modes [44]. This can be used to describe the different spectral features between NC-HCFs and Kagome fiber.

                           D. Function of Core Wall Shape

NC-HCFs is characterized by the negative curvature of the core wall, which has been experimentally demonstrated to effectively reduce
the attenuation. Numericalsimulations (Fig. 6) showed that in NC-HCF increases negative curvature and it influences the mode attenuation and even bending
loss in a complex way [45]. It has been confirmed that a large curvature of the core wall can be helped decreasing the overlap
of core field with fiber material to 10−4. This has been experimentally demonstrated in silica NC-HCFs [9], [45] 
(further discussions will be found in Section IV-B). The recent efforts in analytical examine [46], the function of the core wall shape is
not is clear yet. It shows that both the properties of the high-index and of the low-index cladding modes are affected by the curvature.

                            IV. GUIDANCE PROPERTIES—MODE ATTENUATION

A typical NC-HCF sets multiple transmission bands, and the band edges are being determined by the resonance wavelength of cladding as described by
the ARROW model. From experimentally study the fiber attenuation, we use the method of standard cutback [47]. At HCFs there is no cutoff situation for high
order modes. All modes are existed at the same time but with different attenuations. High order modes are seldom noticed in the propagation over
long length because of their far higher attenuation and more sensitivity to bend. In the order of low band of HC-NCF (determined by low order
resonance wavelengths of cladding), because of relatively little r/λ ratio, the output is usually attached of the fundamental mode, or at most a few modes.
In controlling the cutback length and the residual fiber length, the cutback method can use to obtain a reliable measurement of fundamental mode attenuation.
In the time of 2013, Yu and Knight were reported a systematic study of the mode attenuation in one transmission band between the first and second resonant wavelength
in NC-HCFs with the ice-cream-cone shape cladding [9]. 50 fimilar NC-HCFs were drawn for different spectral ranges were fabricated and measured. Among all them, the
NC-HCFs with the minimum attenuation in their spectral ranges were selected for studying [9]. Fig. 4 summarizes those minimum attenuations were reported in
[9] and latest result of this types of NC-HCFs [13], [18]. Table I list details information of NCHCFs in Fig. 4, including the figures of minimum
attenuation and wavelength, the span of first transmission band, and core diameter. The minimum attenuation were 53.8 dB/km at 687.4 nm
and the majority of core diameters were reported here for the first time. In Fig. 4, the attenuation is occured by different factors
in different spectral range. Those factors include the material absorption at the longest wavelength, leakage loss at mid-range
wavelength and “imperfection” loss at visible wavelengths and into the ultraviolet.


                        A. Leakage Loss

The leakage loss is the basic part of mode attenuation of NC-HCFs. Compare to conventional fiber, NC-HCF’s is profoundly different in
this respect because they have no strictly confined mode. Increasing r/λ, the mode attenuation can be effectively brought down according to (2). 
Normally, a NC-HCF with a large core can be awasited to have lower loss. According to the (1), the loss of leakage α ∝ r−1 if r/λ remains
constant. This is the natural outcome from the dimensional scaling law of electromagnetic field in HCFs [41]. All the fibers in Fig. 4
are designed to be fabricated similarly, and expected to display similar structures but scaled for the different
wavelength of operation. In Table I, r/λm is varied from 12.7 to 16.0 and the average result is 14.6. Those fibers show high similarity apart from minor 
exception. We should expect the minimum attenuation with wavelengths to justify α ∝ r−1. In Fig. 4, a fit to the data notices scaling with wavelength as
λ−0.998 in the near-infrared spectrum from 1.2 to 3 μm, consistent with the idea. At shorter and bigger wavelength, different dependences imply 
that different loss mechanism other than leakage loss start to dominate, which will be explained in Sections IV-B and IV-C
In NC-HCF, decreasing the core wall thickness is another important way to reduce the attenuation of NC-HCFs. Fig. 5 is showing simulated attenuation spectra
of NC-HCF for different core wall thicknesses [9]. Both axes are generalized by fiber core dimension. η is set as the ratio of inner over outer diameter of
capillary forming of the core wall. The other side bigger η is, the thinner core wall thickness is. From Fig. 5, we realize that the leakage loss of NC-HCF is
decreased with thinner core wall thickness. At the other hand, the transmission window is wider, as forecasted by ARROW model. The leaky “airy” mode is in the hollow
regions of the cladding lately has been numerically showed as another source of leakage loss [6], [32], [48]. The leakage loss in NC-HCFs
can be further decreased and potentially reached 1 dB/km or even less by reducing the mode coupling between the core mode and air mode of cladding [6].
To decrease the coupling, extra capillary or finer structure can be attached into cladding bores, shifting the air modes away from the propagation constant
of the core and hence decreasing the loss through this mechanism [6].

                     B. Material Absorption

In HCFs, the light is transmitted between the hollow core, the fiber material is weakly influenced the core mode properties,
including the attenuation. The share of material absorption to the total loss in NC-HCFs appears from the mode overlap
with the fiber material. Fig. 4 inset displays the simulated contribution to the mode attenuation at NC-HCF from the absorption
of the cladding material. For a distinct NC-HCF, the simulated mode attenuation is increased linearly with material absorption, as
awaited for low absorption. At NC-HCFs, it has been demonstrated that the mode overlap could be as low as 10−4 [9].
Numerical simulations are agreed well with the experimental result (Fig. 6) [45]. Though the influence from fiber material in NC-HCF is small scale,
material loss can be still dominated the mode attenuation when material attenuation will reach thousands of dB/m. Fused silica and softer glasses are
the most general material for fiber fabrication. Fused silica is exhibited excellent transparency in the visible and near-infrared spectral region, where 
the absorption of fiber material can be passed over [49]. However the phonon absorption is increased quickly at longer wavelength,
and the material absorption is rised rapidly from tens of dB/m at 3 μm to tens of thousands of dB/m beyond 5 μm wavelengths
[49], [50]. Such high loss is as the major factor limiting the performance of NC-HCFs at long wavelength [3], [10], [11].
In Fig. 4, all NC-HCFs are made of F300 synthetic fused silica. 865 dB/m was being measured at 4 μm wavelength [9]. The
effect of material absorption on fiber loss is estimated around 6000 times less than the material absorption due
to the very average overlap of the guided mode with the glass at these long wavelength by Comsol. Scaling the measured
material absorption by this factor and attaching it to the predicted leaky loss from Comsol, the total fibers loss were to increase rapid
with material absorption and to be controlled the attenuation of NCHCF in this spectral range. Minimum attenuation was
found to be 85 dB/km at 4 μm wavelength, which was measured as 10 000 times less than the measured silica absorption.
Soft-glasse, such as chalcogenide and fluoride, possess a much lower absorption in the mid-range-infrared region up to 10 μm
and has been widely adopted as optical fiber material for the mid-IR [23]. At the time of 2000, the first use of soft-glass to fabricate
HCF was being demonstrated [51]. At the time of 2010, more complex structured HC-PBG was successfully fabricated with chalcogenide glass [52].
Because of the low material absorption, NCHCFs is made of soft-glasses should achieve much lower loss
than those formed from silica at the long wavelength in the mid-range-infrared. Though, measured result was of the order of
several dB/m or even worse [2]. It was the reason of the very sensitive viscosity/temperature relation of soft-glass materials, it is
technically giving challenges to obtain uniform and delicate holey structure in HCFs, which measures the optical properties of
fiber. Compare to the mature state of silica fabrication, the processing route for purification and fiber drawing still needs
improvement to get achievement the theoretical performance limits for these materials.


                     C. “Imperfection” Loss

In the fabrication of HCFs, it had been the challenge to scale down the dimension for shorter wavelength by the nearinfrared 
and into the range of visible. When the fiber gets smaller, the balance both the surface tension and pressure in the fiber
cladding will become unstable, impacting more frequent deformation leading to increase attenuation [53]. The extra loss of HCF
rises from the “imperfection” of the fiber structure. In Fig. 4, a substantial increase of attenuation is being found in
Fibers 4, 5, and 6 (see Table I) at smaller wavelength [9]. They were being drawn from a same group of preforming with dimension
scale for different transmission window. To improve the “imperfection” degradation, a shorter draw-down ratio was used
to fabricate Fibers 1, 2 and 3 (see Table I). In the fabrication of Fibers 1, 2 and 3, fluorine doped glass tube rather than plain
silica tube was used to jacket the silica action in the final draw to fiber. To compare those drawn using a pure silica jacket,
the fluorine-doped jacketed fiber was exhibited much lower loss and less structural degradation, though they were no difference
from the silica fiber in dimension. We are attributed this to the decreased viscosity of the fluorine doped material, which allows
the fiber to be drawn under more favorable condition. Fig. 7(a), (b) and (d) represents SEM images of Fiber 5, 3 and
2, and (c) is an optical microscope images of Fiber 4. Fibers 5 and 3 (silica jacket) are both drawn for light transmission near 1 μm 
with alike core size. Fiber 4 and 2 (fluorine jacket) also have most part of transmission band intersected between 750 and 850 nm. 
Fiber 3 is exhibited a much lower attenuation than Fiber 5. The most significant difference could be found in core wall curvatures, which is found in comparison
between Fiber 4 and 2. In the Fiber 4, the fusion between capillaries has been changed from point into slab. Such defect is most common in smaller 
NCHCFs for shorter wavelength in the visible and near-infrared ranges. Extra “imperfection” loss was being measured in Fiber 4 in
comparison to Fiber no 2. The fiber structure of degradation, including the slab fusion in cladding and also flattened core wall
curvatures, shares to the increased attenuation at the short wavelength. In the NC-HCF, there had been no experimental evidence sharing
the “imperfection” loss at lower wavelengths to the scattering due to the surface roughness. But it might also be worth in future to
explore if such effect could be one factor limiting the attenuation performance of NC-HCFs at lower wavelength.
The loss of scattering due to the core wall roughness had been identified as one of the major reason limiting the ultimate attenuation
of HC-PBG [27], [54]. The surface roughness of core wall is being inevitably formed along HCF because of the thermodynamics
are processed in the fabrication, which is being attributed to surface capillary wave frozen at the interface of silica in the transition temperature 
range [55]. Like microscopic fluctuation is being usually under one nanometer over a micrometric scale, but like roughness is
enough to dominate the loss limit of HCFs, especially at lower wavelength. The scattering effect may cause the minimum attenuation with
wavelength to be proportional to λ−a in log-log, where a will vary from 2.5 to 3.5 according to the structure of the HC-PBG [27], [56].


           V. GUIDANCE PROPERTIES—BENDING LOSS

Normally, bending loss in optical fiber could be categorized into macro-bending and micro-bending according to the loss
mechanism [47]. Micro-bending are refered to the periodic or random deformation of the index of refractive distribution or of the geometry of 
optical fiber along with the length, which could be caused the energy to couple between the core mode and cladding mode
if the deformation changes sufficiently rapidly along the fiber axis [57]. The loss mechanism of micro-bending is being essentially a
scattering phenomenon, which has no interest of this section. The bending effect here are refered to the macro-bending which will account
for the extra loss associated with the curved guidance when the fiber is being bent. The origin of bending loss of NC-HCF could be generally 
categorized as original bending loss, high order core mode of conversion, and enhanced radiative or absorptive loss. Both Kosolapov and colleagues numerically
and experimentally are showed that at certain bending radii, the phase matching condition would be satisfied between the core mode and cladding
air mode which gave the result in extreme high losses [2]. Yu et al. would find that the bending loss was increased more rapidly at lower
wavelength in the spectral transmission window [3]. The wavelength dependence was being experimentally observed in
HC-PBG and all solid PBG [58], [59]. Setti et al. numerically would find that the bending effect depended on wavelength was because of the shift of band edge
of transmission window to the bigger wavelengths [4]. Belardi et al. would find that NC-HCF with open
core boundary exhibited much low bending sensitivity than the other NC-HCFs [8]. Jaworski et al. would measure the correlation between 
the bending loss and the bending radius in NC-HCFs [13], [14]. From their knowledge, low bend of losses were found in NC-HCFs
with lower mode attenuations [13]. 


A. True Bend Loss


The model of Marcatili and Schmeltzer, such loss could be determined by a correction of mode attenuation of a
straight fiber in the bending condition. It is written as,

ανm =
r3
λ2R2 ReVνm. (4)

Here bending radius is R. Equation (4) shows that the bending loss will grow faster
than the bending curvature. For a particular fiber, wavelength, ανm ∝ R−2. The bending loss dependence was also
showed by numerical simulations in NC-HCF [4] and similar with the observation in measurement [8], [13], [14].
From equcation (4), the bend loss could be traded off with the leakage loss like a function of core. In the design, to get
lower transmission loss, a big core is preferable though it causes a higher bending loss.


B. High Order Core Mode Conversion


At the time of 1969, Marcatili was pointed out that higher order mode conversion was the major loss mechanism in the high refractive index
core waveguide [60]. He was demonstrated that, under the multimode guidance, the loss originating from high order conversion modes
are many orders of magnitude larger than the radiated loss of the fundamental mode reason of bending.
NC-HCF exhibited lossy multimode guidance property. The high order mode conversion was a notable reason for high
bending loss in NC-HCFs. More works are needed to investigate such effects in HCFs.


C. Enhanced Radiative/Absorptive Loss

The coupling between the core and cladding modes could be greatly lighted at specific wavelength in the bent condition.
On the hand, the phase matching condition could be satisfied or nearly satisfied between the mode of core and cladding in
the bent fiber. This has been overviewed both numerically and experimentally [2], [4], [61]. Such resonances are cause well-defined
and significant lossed peaks in the transmitted spectrum system. On the other side, bending is also increased the overlap between
core modes and cladding materials. By using the method of conformal transformation [62], the equivalent refractive index distribution
of NC-HCF under bending is made core mode closer to one side of the core mode. At the long wavelength where the fiber materials
are absorptive or at the short wavelength where surface roughness of core wall causes is dramatic scattering loss, there might be an
associated develop in observed bend loss.

                REMARKS

This paper narrates the very rapid progress made over the recent few years in developing new form of hollow optical fiber, 
and also shows early indication of their potential application. It is not broad, and we expect that it will become 
quickly out of date with the continuing progress in fiber design and application. The work opens up a 
range of possible future direction, and we hope further quick progress will lead to yet more potential application. Though, progress so far has already displayed
that it is feasible to design simple novel fiber which can perform conventional 
optical fibers in many ways.





